There was blood on my hands and hair on my cheeks,
I hadn't got a shave in 25 weeks.
I cracked the window open, i had a handgun in the backseat,
You were going 65 on a waterfront street.
And i knew that i could trust you to give me a ride
Like the ocean trusts the moon to give it a tide.
And you said "i saw someone being killed once when i was 14"
And i said "you don't know where i been."
You were staying up heading south, we were looking for food.
There was a song stuck in your head and it wasn't very good.
The chorus was lame it went like "lovers are waterproof."
I was tearing at the palm trees through sunroof.
And though the gas was expensive here in california
You had been driving me on in to the morning on yuh.
And you said "leave your past behind you and it will all 'come clean"
And i said "you don't know where i've been."
Then you remembered your trunk it was loaded with beer.
You parked the car and said "david let's have one one the pier."
You stepped onto the sand with no shoes on your feet.
I was hungry as hell and said that i needed to eat something more
Than peanut butter on toast
And that the sunrise looked better on the east coast.
And you said "well david my friend you're being grumpy and mean,"
And i said "you don't know where i've been." david.

There was a plane taking off and another plane landing.
There was a sign that read breakfast by the side of a building.
You said "a plane is nothing if you compare it to a pelican"
And i was hoping that the diner sort of place could be mexican.
Then i would get a breakfast burrito and speak a little spanish,
You said "a bird is silent and it sure can fish"
And inside they were showing my face up on a tv screen
And i said "you don't know where i've been."
Then you said "get rid of your beard and no one will notice"
And i said "baby, no one here is going to call the police.
You see the owner looks nice and the waitress she's pretty.
To take any of them down would be a freaking pity."
And you said "you scared the shit out of me, you're going too far,
You didn't want me before hopping into my car"
And then i said "well baby you might be
The most beautiful woman i've seen
But you don't know where i've been.
Well you might be the most beautiful woman i've seen
But you don't know where i've been."